The meeting will please come to order.

The Vice President will now lead us in the pledge.

I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America, and to the republic
for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for
all.

Will the secretary please take the roll?

As members arrived, I took roll by checking their names off on my list.

The secretary will now read the minutes of the last meeting.

I have printed out the minutes of the last meeting.

Are there any additions or corrections to the minutes? If not, they stand
approved as written.

The treasurer will now read the balance in our account.
Treasurer The current balance in our treasury is $567.20.

Are there any corrections to the Treasurer's Report? If not, they stand
approved as read.

We will now have the committee reports. Will the chairman of the Fundraising
Committee please report?

The Tom-Wat fundraising forms were mailed in last week. We expect delivery will
be next Monday. Please listen to the announcements during home room for
further information. No other fundraisers have been discussed.
Thank you. Will the chairman of the Community Service Committee please
report?

The Community Service Committee wants to remind members to bring in items to
be sent to our service personnel overseas. We are planning to ship the boxes on
Friday, so please have all items in to us by Thursday. For acceptable items to
ship, please refer to the poster by the door.
Thank you. Will the chairman of the Education Committee please report?

The Education Committee wants to read a note from the area senior center.
Dear students, Thank you very much for volunteering your time and expertise to
show us how to use Facebook to connect with our families. Not only did you
provide the technical know-how, but you also showed us how to be safe online.
We (and our families) appreciate your helping our generation understand this
program. Thanks again! Sincerely, Susanna Whitebaum. Not only did they
enjoy this, but they would like us to come back to help them learn how to use
Google to search. Those members interested should meet with us at 2:30 on
Tuesday.

Thank you. Is there any old business that needs to be discussed?

Is there any new business to be discussed?

I move that we have a bake sale every Monday during lunch time.

I second it.

It has been moved and seconded that we have a bake sale every Monday during
lunch. Is there any discussion?

I think Mondays will be difficult for people to remember to bring in items. I move
to amend the motion to be on Friday instead.

Do I hear a second?

Second.

It has been moved and seconded to amend the original motion to be on Friday
instead of Monday. Discussion?

It makes more sense. Also, there are quite a few days off of school on Mondays
due to inservice and holidays. This way we'd have more days to sell food.

I agree that Fridays are better. It's easier for me to bake something on Thursday
than Sunday.

Is there any further discussion? Hearing none, all those in favor of
changing the bake sale day of the week from Monday to Friday say aye All those opposed say nay. The amendment to the original motion has
passed. Is there any further discussion on the motion? Hearing none,
we will now vote. All those in favor of holding a bake sale every Friday at lunch
say aye. All those opposed say nay. Is there any further new
business?

There is one announcement for the members. A group photo will be taken for the
yearbook on Wednesday during period 4. Please remember to dress
appropriately. Officers, you need to wear your jackets.

Our next meeting will be Thursday, period 5. Do I hear a motion to adjourn?

So moved.

Seconded.

It has been moved and seconded to adjourn this meeting. All those in favor of
adjourning say aye. All those opposed say nay. Meet is adjourned.
